welcome to the man of recaps this is
survivor winners at war episode 10 it's
day 24 on the island which is roughly
how long I've been growing my quarantine
beard so if I ever go on Survivor this
is what it would look like our castaways
have made it to the loved ones visit day
if you're a human being with emotions
you're bawling your eyes out I can recap
this pretty quick though in a survivor
first they don't just get one loved one
they bring out the whole families kids
at all there's normally a challenge here
where you partner with your loved one
and the first finishers get to go out on
a picnic the rest of them have to say
goodbye Jeff teases them that the kids
are gonna compete too but because it's a
special season everyone gets loved ones
visit time it's a big beach party oh
you're gonna make some sand soup for us
that sounds so delicious even on the
edge of extinction they bring in the
families and everyone's crying it's a
great time but it does take up half the
episode then finally back to the game
it's an immunity challenge you have to
stack the blocks to spell immunity on
this unstable platform holding the rope
to keep it steady as you back all the
way up to get in the next letters
there's a few different techniques Nick
goes for the chin hold while Jeremy just
puts it in his mouth the taller stack
gets the easier it is to drop and pretty
soon the only frontrunners are Toni and
Ben they're neck and neck both get a
fully spelled immunity they just have to
make it back without dropping Tony's a
head so Ben speeds it up but so he drops
it and Toni wins immunity an interesting
stat apparently this is Tony's first
ever individual immunity win he won his
season without ever winning a challenge
to win it on a game that requires
patience slow and steady is not what I'm
made of
I'm made out of fast and sloppy and now
the strategizing begins Jeremy comes to
Tony first he wants to split up Sarah
and Sophie you are real tight he doesn't
seem to know though about the cops rs
alliance that Tony made with Sarah back
on day one Sarah goes to Tony with her
own big plan she wants to get Kim out of
there Kim is very good at winning
immunity challenges Sarah wants to get
her out now while she's vulnerable
Tony's not really feeling that though he
doesn't think Kim's a big threat right
now in fact he talks to his boys and
he's like yo let's blindside Jeremy Tony
tell Sarah Jeremy through her name out
there and that's all he had to say
Sarah's in but now Jeremy Kim and Tyson
realized that they're in the minority
Kim's like tonight's the night to make a
big move where they're just gonna pick
the rest of us off one by one
Kim has an immunity
she can play it for the correct person
at the majority's targeting they can
nullify those votes and their minority
can vote one of them out Jeremy also has
an advantage his safety without power
that lets him walk out of tribal so he
can't get any votes but he also can't
cast his that would save him but without
his vote to help them it would leave his
new minority Alliance high and dry at
tribal council once again it's chaotic
whispering Jeff's like I had all these
interview questions prepared I guess I
just won't finally it's time to vote but
Jeremy and Sarah both call outs to use
an advantage at the same time they have
a game of chicken for who's gonna go
first neither wants to use theirs
without knowing what the other person's
is they both back out like okay I'm not
gonna use it but when Jeff calls it's
time to vote again they both try to use
it again finally Jeremy goes first he's
like look Jeff I'm saving myself i'm
peacing out of here Jeremy was in fact
the target so it sets off a new set of
scrambling finally Sophie just calls it
like it is and is like hey let's stop
the whispering the five of us let's go
make a decision so the lines are drawn
and new plans get made and Sarah plays
her advantage it's the Stila vote she
bought way at the beginning she steals
Denise's vote so they now have six votes
verse three but we're not done yet
this tribal flushes out all the
advantages as Kim plays her idol -
depending on how the majority split up
there six votes if Kim picks the right
person to save they could still turn
this around
should she play it for herself to be
safe for are they more likely to target
one of her allies in the end she plays
it for Denice and crosses her fingers
it's looking good to start two votes
come out for Denise Kim's crew targeted
Sophie two votes come out for her but
the rest of them are all Tyson and
Tyson's voted out again
he's got no fire tokens to bequeath so
he's headed back to the edge of
extinction hoping to fight his way back
into the game again where will the game
go from here will the majority continue
to pick off this minority or will big
boobs shake things up find out next time
on Survivor
hit that subscribe button for more of
the best recaps of TV and movies and
click the join button to support the
channel and be a recap champion